
Time management in student’s life:
Management defined as all the activities and tasks undertaken for archiving goals by continuous activities like planning, organizing, leading and controlling. The concepts and activities of management apply to all levels of management, as well as to all types of organizations and activities managed.
Many people face the troubling in time management as we all know, In many of the caseslack of time are there. Often people tend to have trouble to managing time because they are trying to manage too many tasks at a time and also there are Many individuals in life do things which have no worth to time.
Time management is increasingly challenging for adult learners who juggle different priorities in life such as academic studies, work, and family. Good time management brings plentiful benefits that will make things easier for you, your friends, and family. 
How I manage my time in Daily life:
Time management is the process of organizing and planning how to divide your time between different activities. Get it right, and you'll end up working smarter, not harder, to get more done in less time – even when time is tight and pressures are high. The highest achievers manage their time exceptionally well.
Organize your study space
The very first thing I Try and dispose of all interruptions, and ensure I feel as great and ready to concentrate as could really be expected.
To-Do List
I do to have the option to deal with my time better is to make a timetable which will assist me with getting sorted out my work. Various individuals could give it various names, yet one thing that can assist me with getting everything rolling is an easy To-Do List. While this could appear to be basic, I remember that there are numerous ways of creating and grow the use of an easy To-Do List. After I have wrapped up adding every one of my assignments for the afternoon, I can make my rundown a stride further by including cutoff times, time expected to get done with each job, vital breaks I should take and, surprisingly, different errands that should be finished during the day, regardless of whether they are not connected with my work.
Organize study time:
I go home from university and play PUBG, Cricket or some time Football for 2 hours. After take rest for some while I study from 6 to 8 pm. In this period, I make notes of the course, revise the lectures for the next day .After taking study break for one and half hour I make  assignments and prepare Quizzes. 
Study Break
I take break of 1-1:30hour, in this time , watch Dramas or Documentaries, spend time with family , conversing with  friends, eat dinner etc.
Sleeping time
I take rest between 11 p.m. to 4 a.m. I like to study in the early morning, by and large from 4 or 5 AM toward the beginning of the day as the cerebrum is bound to think. It very well may be the most ideal choice for me to take a rest of 5 hour and get promptly toward the beginning of the day.
